ayotte to the world therefore reserves between
today for a brand new
video the cases it will be for a video
prediction of cards for fifa 16
ultimate team with new players
I thank for the previous episodes
guys always a max of garlic
always a max of proposals of
players in the comments sorry
for everything that already puts me that I can
still do it
but do not hesitate always to
look they may be
probably in the next episodes
there anyway I changed a little bit
the method you will not see the notes anymore
on the miniature like that at least that
will give people want to click and
watch the video and see pretty much
our little by little we will start with
the first player who will be the Brazilian
which leads signed on the side of bayern munich
it's douglas costa the former player of
shakhtar who was transferred for I
believe about 25 30 million euros
is in any case he always has five
stars technical gestures and the
ears is still so technical
it will not change three bad stars
foot I put him a little plus one so
I think he'll have 81 I hesitated to
put 82 but already what will change
is that I think he will be on the side of
of post have right just go
maybe there will be and lashed but in any case
case he plays a lot of times on the
causse the right pillar post
we will continue with the second player
who will be so wallial jason who had
have a good season on the pomegranate side
a good copa america too with the
columbia and he was transferred through
that on the side of Nimes ending this
Colombian who I think will be a beautiful
small because that's a small 77 but
really one of the rooms in less than
interesting for a central defender
and well here's his card will give maybe
want to a lot of people me I 'm
why not to introduce more
this is a new kind of nîmes
earth then there is antoine griezmann
the french of atletico madrid with
his four stars technical gestures
always who will have 85 for me I loved
85 but I have long hesitated to 2086
but now I think that their friends
86 he had a good season of
side of the league champions because
that he was very very good league to my
desires of the champions it was a small
little less good
even though voice the season he did
was exceptional but here I am
loved him 85 because he did not have
does not make as good a season as
diego costa who had 86 in the past the
giorgino shirt yes I was not going to doom
as you can see the player who
leads signed on the side of newcastle very
very good season on the side of the psv
eindhoven
it's a little disappointed with his choice of
sign in newcastle goes a little bit
bury yourself in a club
here we are questioning it's still
less well than siwa care or
stoke city so it's a little hot
but hey that's how it will be
a nice card there is rap I think a
true good 80 of generali on average 40
years very very very interesting
and to conclude we will have javier pastore
here is the Argentinian from Paris Saint-Germain
that I always left four floors
and technical and a bad foot 3
sorry but I did not spend enough
worried like I was trying because that's it
I do not think he made gestures that
ask to have 5 and hodge and
even equip themselves it's really a player
really that makes a lot of 2 g of these
techniques on the ground and that's
really good kids what it is or
but here I left them at 4 I think
and that because I am but still 1 83
so he will take anyway maybe
plus 3 outright that it's our
had before but I hesitated to the
put at 81.2 but good since the girl
a good copa america I thought
Ok, we'll buy him back
still powerful individuals and good me that
fra 83
so here I hope that these
players there have made you happy
do not hesitate to offer me the
maximum of June guys in the
comments and bah you even months
the video of the laity also it's always
pleasure to see you doing this
small series like that it forces me to you
take out the episodes the fastest
possible and ben here is simply
like that you will be happy and also if
you buy them your credits but it's
go on fifa.com now the link he
is in the description of -2 5% with the
quad and razak well, here it if you
interested
alex and that all know description month
here it is I tell you to the next to
all videos
I hope you enjoyed it is razak beit
Lahia